= Tea Time

Tea Time is a Firefox 3 extension. Don't have time to read the articles in all of
those open tabs right now? Don't let them frustrate you. Just click on the star
button in the URL bar and close the tab. Later if you have time, click on the TeaTime
icon in you toolbar which will give you a random page from your Unfiled Bookmarks
or Bookmarks tagged `later'. Based on the idea of the {"Read It Later"}[http://www.ideashower.com/ideas/launched/read-it-later/]
extension. Supports the new Bookmark System of Firefox 3.

== Requirements

Callout supports Firefox 3+.

== Usage

To mark a page for later reading click on the Star icon in the Location bar or hit
the Bookmark this page shortcut (Ctrl+D or Cmd+D on a Mac) and add `later' to the tags.

You can get a random page from your reading list by hitting Ctrl+E (or Cmd+E on a Mac).
If you want to open the page in a new tab hold down the Alt key as well. If you add
the Tea Time button to your toolbar you can open a new page by clicking on the icon
(Ctrl or Cmd click to open in a new tab). Also there is a dropdown menu with your
reading list next to the icon.

== Disclaimer

This extension was created when the "Read It Later" extension didn't support Firefox 3.
Now that they have a new version which supports the new Bookmark system I decided
to keep Tea Time around. They work well together (Read It Later can be configured
to use the Unfiled Bookmarks folder).

If you want something dead simple I suggest Tea Time. If you want more features
(e.g. offline support, rss feed) I suggest you try out the new version of Read It Later.

== Credits
 
Author:: {László Bácsi}[http://lackac.name]
Hungarian blog post:: http://lackac.hu/articles/2008/02/08/teahoz-read-it-later-firefox-3-ra
Original idea:: http://www.ideashower.com/ideas/launched/read-it-later/
